Clarify and simplify headers usage (#8680)
camptocamp/c2cgeoportal: doc/integrator/headers.rst

``connect_src`` or ``worker_src``,
``[_extra]`` is a suffix to be able to extend a directive instance of completely overriding it.

Access-Control-Allow-Origin
---------------------------

> To add domain that can access to the authenticated routes you should have something like that

Reviewer: Suggestion:
To allow additional domains to access your geoportal's authenticated areas, you can add a configuration as follows:

Reviewer 2: I'm not about it, does "*" only works for public routes ? and authenticated routes needs precise domain to be present ?
If it is the case we might say it here.

in the vars file:

.. code:: diff

    headers:
      dynamic: &header {}
      index: *header
      api: *header
      apihelp: *header
      profile: *header
      raster: *header
      error: *header
  -   themes: &auth_header {}
  +   themes: &auth_header
  +     access_control_allow_origin:
  +         - "{VISIBLE_WEB_PROTOCOL}://{VISIBLE_WEB_HOST}"
  +         - "https://your.custom.domain"
  +         - "*"
      config: *auth_header
      print: *auth_header
      fulltextsearch: *auth_header
      mapserver: *auth_header
      tinyows: *auth_header
      layers: *auth_header
      shortener: *auth_header
  -   login: *auth_header
  +   login:
  +     access_control_allow_origin:
  +         - "{VISIBLE_WEB_PROTOCOL}://{VISIBLE_WEB_HOST}"
  +         - "https://your.custom.domain"

Global headers
--------------

> For path the not manage with the ``headers`` section we can use the ``global_headers`` section

Reviewer: I am not sure what we want to say here. Is it this:
"For paths not managed in the headers section, a global headers section can be defined in the vars file with the following syntax:"

``connect_src`` or ``worker_src``,
``[_extra]`` is a suffix to be able to extend a directive instance of completely overriding it.

Access-Control-Allow-Origin
---------------------------

To add domain that can access to the authenticated routes you should have something like that
in the vars file:

.. code:: diff

    headers:
      dynamic: &header {}
      index: *header
      api: *header
      apihelp: *header
      profile: *header
      raster: *header
      error: *header
  -   themes: &auth_header {}
  +   themes: &auth_header
  +     access_control_allow_origin:
  +         - "{VISIBLE_WEB_PROTOCOL}://{VISIBLE_WEB_HOST}"
  +         - "https://your.custom.domain"
  +         - "*"
      config: *auth_header
      print: *auth_header
      fulltextsearch: *auth_header
      mapserver: *auth_header
      tinyows: *auth_header
      layers: *auth_header
      shortener: *auth_header
  -   login: *auth_header
  +   login:
  +     access_control_allow_origin:
  +         - "{VISIBLE_WEB_PROTOCOL}://{VISIBLE_WEB_HOST}"
  +         - "https://your.custom.domain"

Notes::

  According the 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' standard, when we specify a '*' the browser can read the

>   return content from all hosts, but the browser will not sent the credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  content from all origins, but the browser will not send the credentials.
```
